Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D's."
Crow: SO IS KALIN
NEXT, YUSEI?
YES. WE HAVE
SOME UNFINISHED
BUSINESS TO ATTEND TO.
GOOD TO SEE YOU, OLD FRIEND.
[GRUNTING]
[LAUGHING]
THANKS FOR STOPPING BY!
MY PLEASURE.
I SEE THAT YOU'VE
GOT YOUR DUEL RUNNER
UP AND RUNNING AGAIN.
I WAS AFRAID THAT YOU
WEREN'T GOING TO GIVE ME
THE OPPORTUNITY
TO SETTLE THE SCORE...
AFTER YOU SOLD ME OUT.
I'M NO TRAITOR.
NOW LET'S
GET THINGS STARTED.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
I'M SUMMONING... MAX WARRIOR!
GO SWIFT RUSH!
[GRUNTING]
Kalin: I TUNE MY LEVEL 10
DARK TUNER NIGHTMARE HAND
WITH MY LEVEL 2 INFERNITY DWARF
IN ORDER TO DARK SYNCHRO SUMMON
ONE HUNDRED EYED-DRAGON!
WHEN THE SHADOWS ARE DEVOURED
BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
[THINKING] NOT THAT...
Kalin: AND SINCE I HAVE
NO CARDS IN MY HAND,
WHEN MY MONSTER ATTACKS
A MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
TAKE A DIRECT HIT!
UHHH!
[KALIN LAUGHING]
YUSEI! IT LOOKS LIKE
YOUR GAME IS
SPINNING OUT OF
CONTROL...[LAUGHING]
BUT NOW THAT
YOU'RE BACK ON TRACK,
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR ME TO GET SERIOUS
AND SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Kalin: COME ON, YUSEI,
WE'RE JUST
GETTING STARTED!...
IF YOU THOUGHT MY LAST
ATTACK WAS SOMETHING,
WAIT'LL YOU FEEL
WHAT'S COMING NEXT!
ARCHFIEND'S GONNA
FINISH MAX WARRIOR
WITH A......HEY?
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS,
WHERE'D THEY GO!?
THEY DISAPPEARED
ALONG WITH MY GHOST GARDNA,
SEE ONCE IT WAS DESTROYED
YOUR MONSTER LOSES
A THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS,
BUT, HEY, DON'T LET THAT
STOP YOU FROM ATTACKING.
I END MY TURN.
IT'S MY MOVE, THEN!
I SUMMON JUNK SYNCHRON
TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW I'M GONNA TUNE IT
AND MY SPEED WARRIOR
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
NEXT, I REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD...
SYNCHRO STRIKER UNIT!
AND WITH IT IN PLAY
I CAN NOW INCREASE
MAX WARRIOR'S ATTACK POINTS
BY A THOUSAND!
TIME TO FIGHT!
MAX WARRIOR TAKE OUT
INFERNITY ARCHFIEND!
WHAT'S GOING ON?...
IS IT GAINING MORE POWER?!
IT SURE IS.
WHEN MAX WARRIOR
GOES IN FOR AN ATTACK,
HE GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS!
GO SWIFT RUSH!
YOU'VE UESTIMATED
ME, YUSEI!
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD!
INFERNITY FORCE!
NOW IF YOU ATTACK
AN INFERNITY MONSTER
WHEN I HAVE
NO CARDS IN MY HAND,
INFERNITY FORCE
DEFLECTS THE ATTACK
AND OBLITERATES
YOUR MONSTER.
AND NOT ONLY THAT...
BUT I CAN NOW HARNESS
THE POWER OF THIS TRAP
AND SUMMON A WEAKER INFERNITY
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
I SUMMON...
INFERNITY NECROMANCER!
[LAUGHING]
NOT BAD, KALIN...
BUT LET'S SEE YOU
STOP JUNK WARRIOR
FROM ATTACKING
YOUR DRAGON!
Leo: WOOHOO!!
AL-RIGHT!
Luna: YEAH!
THATTA BOY!
NOW IT'S TIME
TO SET YOUR SIGHTS
ON SOME LIFE POINTS.
HEY! WHY IS
KALIN LAUGHING?
[CHUCKLES]
WHEN ONE HUNDRED-EYED
DRAGON IS DESTROYED,
I CAN SELECT ANY CARD
I WANT FROM MY DECK
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND.
YOU MIGHT REMEMBER
THIS MONSTER...
[THINKING] I KNEW IT...
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON
WAS JUST A SET-UP...
[SNICKERS]
[THINKING] I BETTER
BUILD A DEFENSE
AND FAST!
I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
AND SINCE IT'S
MY END PHASE,
JUNK WARRIOR NOW LOSES
ITS POWER BOOST
SINCE THE EFFECT OF
MY SYNCHRO STRIKER UNIT
WEARS OFF.
[LAUGHING]
IF THAT'S WHAT
I THINK IT IS...
I'M IN BIG TROUBLE...
[THINKING]
COME ON, YUSEI...
DON'T LOSE SIGHT
OF WHAT YOU
CAME HERE TO DO...
I KNOW KALIN'S
AN OLD FRIEND;
I KNOW WE'VE ALL
GOT HISTORY, BUT...
YOU'RE HERE
TO DEFEAT HIM,
NOT TO SAVE HIM.
YOU ALREADY TRIED
DOING THAT BEFORE,
WAY BACK THEN...
Commander: WE ONLY WANT
YOUR LEADER!!
TURN HIM IN AND THE REST OF
YOU ARE FREE TO GO!
Kalin: NOT A CHANCE COPPER!
[LAUGHING]
W-WHOA, WHAT ARE
YOU GUYS DOING?!
ARE YOU GIVING UP?
IF WE SURRENDER, THEN
IT'S ALL BEEN FOR NOTHING!
LET'S GET OUT THERE AND FIGHT!
GET REAL
AND WAKE UP.
THIS LITTLE
REVOLUTION OF OURS
HAS GONE
WAY TOO FAR, MAN.
WAIT. ARE YOU SERIOUS?
KALIN, LOOK... WE CAN
STILL ESCAPE OUT BACK.
ESCAPE?...NO WAY,
I'M SICK OF RUNNING
FROM THESE GUYS.
LET'S END THIS HERE,
LET'S KICK 'EM OUT OF
SATELLITE FOR GOOD.
DON'T YOU SEE?... THIS IS
OUR BIG MOMENT, RIGHT HERE!
Jack: RIGHT NOTHING!
OUR "BIG MOMENT" IS
NEVER COMING, KALIN.
GUYS, COME ON......
Yusei: THINGS WEREN'T
SUPPOSED TO GO THIS FAR.
LET'S JUST GET OUTTA HERE
WHILE WE STILL CAN.
COME ON, MAN.
THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING.
NOT HERE,...NOT NOW...
WE CAN'T JUST GIVE UP...
WE NEED TO GET OUT
OF HERE, LIKE NOW!
DUEL 'EM IF YOU HAVE TO,
JUST TAKE 'EM DOWN!
Crow: WE RAN AS FAST
AS WE COULD...
WE COULD'VE GOTTEN AWAY...
BUT KALIN COULDN'T
LEAVE WELL ENOUGH ALONE,
AND THAT'S WHEN THINGS
FINALLY CAME TO A HEAD...
Kalin: WHAT'S THE POINT?...
THERE'S NOWHERE TO RUN
IN SATELLITE...
[SNICKERS]
IF I'M GONNA GO DOWN, THEN
I'M GONNA GO DOWN FIGHTING...
LET'S DUEL!
I DRAW!... I SUMMON
VORSE RAIDER
IN ATTACK MODE!
YOU DON'T KNOW WHEN
YOU'RE BEATEN, DO YOU!
FINE, IF IT'S A DUEL YOU WANT...
I SUMMON MONTAGE DRAGON!
YOU'RE FINISHED!
HUH!?
[GRUNTING]
HUH?
KALIN, NO!
KALIN, STOP!
Kalin and officer: AAAAH!
[KALIN BREATHING HEAVILY]
THAT'S IT... YOU ASKED FOR IT.
I AM GONNA...
Yusei: STOP!
[BOTH STRUGGLING]
LET ME GO, YUSEI,
WE HAVE TO STOP THEM,
WE HAVE TO FIGHT BACK!
WE CAN'T LET THEM WIN!
YUSEI... IT'S ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE THEY FIND US.
WHAT'RE YOU THINKING, YUSEI?
YOU GUYS STAY HERE.
I'M THE LEADER
OF THE ENFORCERS!
I'M THE ONE WHO'S
BEEN ORGANIZING
AND PLANNING THE ATTACKS!
YOU SAID IF
I TURNED MYSELF IN,
THE OTHERS COULD GO FREE.
WELL, HERE I AM.
Crow: YUSEI...
[GASP]
WE DID SAY IT
WAS THE LEADER
OF THE RABBLE
WE WERE AFTER.
BUT WE KNOW
WHO THE REAL
LEADER IS.
HUH??
ARGH, KALIN! KALIN!
YOU'RE WRONG.
I'M THE ONE IN CHARGE!
DO YOU THINK
WE'RE STUPID?
YOU CAN'T
FOOL US.
BUT THAT'S CUTE
THAT YOU'RE
TRYING TO TAKE
THE FALL
AND PROTECT YOUR
LITTLE FRIEND.
[SNICKERS]
INTO THE WAGON,
KID.
GOOD JOB.
[SNICKERS]
[MOANING]
HOW COULD YOU!
YUSEI! YOU SNITCH!
HOW COULD YOU SELL OUT
YOUR BEST FRIEND LIKE THIS!
YOU'RE WRONG, KALIN!
I...
AAH!
MARK MY WORDS,
YOU'LL PAY, TRAITOR!
YUSEI...!
KALIN... I'M SORRY!
THINGS WERE GETTING
OUT OF HAND.
THE RIOTS
AND THE FIGHTING
HAD TO STOP,
YOU HAD TO STOP...
BUT I WAS TRYING
TO HELP YOU, KALIN,
I WAS TRYING
TO SAVE YOU.
YOU THINK I BELIEVE YOU?
YOU SOLD ME OUT, MAN!
NOT TRUE!
YUSEI WAS TRYING
TO SURRENDER TO
SECTOR SECURITY
IN YOUR PLACE!
NOBODY SHOULD'VE
SURRENDERED.
WE SHOULD'VE STOOD UP
TO THEM TOGETHER!
YOU BACKED DOWN
WHEN THINGS GOT TOUGH,
YOU LET SECTOR SECURITY
TAKE OVER SATELLITE!
SO AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED,
YOU DID BETRAY ME!
I WANTED TO HELP YOU.
WELL, WITH HELP LIKE YOURS,
WHO NEEDS HELP?
BESIDES, IF YOU CARED
SO MUCH ABOUT ME,
WHY DIDN'T YOU COME
VISIT ME IN THE FACILITY?...
HUH YUSEI!
WE TRIED TO VISIT YOU,
PLENTY OF TIMES!
BUT EVERY TIME
WE CAME BY,
THEY TURNED US AWAY...
MAN, I CAN'T IMAGINE
WHAT THEY DID TO YOU
IN THERE.
OF COURSE YOU CAN'T,
OLD FRIEND!
I COULDA HANDLED THE INSULTS
AND THE SOLITUDE, BUT THEY...
THEY TOOK
MY DECK FROM ME.
THAT DECK WAS MY LIFE!...
Roman: HEAR MY VOICE...
I AM A MESSENGER
FROM BEYOND THE TWILIGHT...
I CAN GRANT YOU A POWER
LIKE YOU'VE NEVER KNOWN.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS ACCEPT
THE MARK OF A DARK SIGNER...
AND THEN... YOU WILL BE FREE.
YOU WILL BE UNSTOPPABLE.
YOU WILL DUEL AGAIN.
AND FINALLY... YOU WILL
BE ABLE TO GET REVENGE
ON ALL WHO HAVE OPPOSED YOU.
GOOD... BUT I ONLY WANT
REVENGE ON ONE PERSON...
JUST ONE...
I GAVE MYSELF
TO THE SHADOWS
SO THAT I COULD
HAVE THIS ONE MOMENT!
THIS MOMENT WHERE
I MAKE YOU FEEL
THE TERROR AND THE PAIN
THAT YOU MADE ME FEEL
WHEN YOU TURNED
YOUR BACK ON ME!
IT'S MY MOVE!!...
AND I NOW RELEASE
INFERNITY ARCHFIEND...
AND INFERNITY NECROMANCER....
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD...
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CCAPAC APU!
OH MAN,
THAT THING IS HUGE!
GEE, YA THINK?
WITH THAT GUY OUT...
IT'S THE END
OF THE LINE!
MAN, I'VE BEEN WAITING
A LONG TIME TO SAY...
"CCAPAC APU SEND YUSEI
TO THE NETHERWORLD!"
[THINKING] THE LAST TIME
WE DUELED
AND HE SUMMONED THIS
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL,
MY DUEL RUNNER'S WHEEL BROKE
BEFORE HE COULD ATTACK,
ENDING THE DUEL EARLY...
BUT THAT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN THIS TIME...
THIS TIME I'M BRINGING
THAT EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
DOWN TO EARTH!
I HOPE THIS PLAN WORKS...
HERE GOES EVERYTHING...
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD...
BATON OF THE HERO!
AND WITH IT IN PLAY I'M
NOW ALLOWED TO CHOOSE
THE TARGET OF
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK!
SO THAT MEANS...
THAT YOUR IMMORTAL'S
ATTACKING SPEED WARRIOR!
WAY TO THROW YOUR MONSTER
OUT AS A SHIELD, YUSEI.
BUT THIS ATTACK ISN'T OVER!
NOT YET!
'CAUSE WHEN YOUR MONSTER
GETS DESTROYED,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL TO
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
WITH YUSEI'S
JUNK WARRIOR
PACKIN'
SO MUCH POWER.
IF HE DOESN'T
DO SOMETHING,
HE'S DONE FOR.
COME ON, YUSEI....
I ACTIVATE THIS KALIN...
THE TRAP BURST
SYNCHRO SUMMON.
NOW MY LIFE POINTS
ARE SAFE FROM TAKING
ANY DAMAGE.
AND THEN, DUE TO
THE POWER OF MY TRAP
I CAN BRING OUT
A MONSTER
WHOSE ATTACK POINTS
ARE THE SAME
AS THE AMOUNT OF DAMAGE
I WOULD HAVE TAKEN.
DOES YUSEI EVEN HAVE
SOMETHING THAT POWERFUL?
ONLY STARDUST DRAGON!
THAT'S WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT!
STARDUST DRAGON
LET'S REV IT UP!
WELL, YOU FINALLY
MANAGED TO SUMMON
YOUR FAVORITE MONSTER...
DO YOU ACTUALLY THINK IT'S
GOING TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE?
TIME TO FIND OUT!
NOT SO FAST!
I REVEAL THE TRAP CARD...
BRILLIANT SHRINE ART!
NOW WHEN YOU ATTACK,
YOUR MONSTER HAS TO FACE
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL.
BUT MY STARDUST DRAGON
DOESN'T STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST THAT THING...
I'M GONNA NEED
SOME BACK UP
SO I ACTIVATE
ANGEL BATON!
NOW I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS
AND SEND ONE
FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
AND THE CARD I SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD
WAS STARDUST XIAOLONG,
BUT WITH STARDUST DRAGON
ALREADY SUMMONED,
XIAOLONG INSTANTLY
RESURRECTS TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
THIS IS GETTING GOOD YUSEI!
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT
AND AFTER I PLAY
MY TRAP
SUPERIOR PROTECTOR
IT'S ONLY GONNA
GET BETTER.
SEE WITH
THIS CARD'S POWER...
I CAN ONLY TAKE
BATTLE DAMAGE
IF STARDUST DRAGON
BATTLES.
ALL YOU'VE DONE IS
MADE YOUR DRAGON A TARGET!
NOW ALL I NEED
TO DO IS CRUSH IT...
SO THAT I CAN CRUSH YOU!
Kalin: LOOKS LIKE YOU
AND YOUR STARDUST DRAGON
ARE ABOUT TO GET SENT
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
NOT IF I SEND
SUPERIOR PROTECTOR
TO THE GRAVEYARD
TO PROTECT US.
NICE MOVE, BUT YOU'RE STILL
TAKIN' BATTLE DAMAGE!...
AND THANKS TO MY LITTLE
WICKED TRAMPLE TRAP CARD...
WHEN YOU TAKE
BATTLE DAMAGE FROM
SOMETHING OTHER THAN
A DIRECT ATTACK,
THAT DAMAGE IS DOUBLED!
WHAT?!
HA-HAAAA...!!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL!...
END THIS NOW!
[GROANING]
AAAAH!!
KALIN!
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
DON'T KNOW...
TAKE MY HAND!
HUH?!
YUSEI...
I MADE THE WRONG
CALL, KALIN.
I THOUGHT I COULD
HELP YOU,
I THOUGHT "MAYBE IF
I TAKE THE HEAT,
KALIN'LL TURN
HIMSELF AROUND"...
BUT I GET IT NOW...
YOU AND I ARE FRIENDS,
I SHOULDA FOUND
A WAY FOR US
TO FIX THINGS TOGETHER.
I SHOULDA STOOD BY YOU.
COME ON, BUDDY...
YUSEI...
I CAN FEEL US ALL
DRAWING TOGETHER.
JACK AND CROW FEEL
THE SAME WAY, KALIN.
AND RIGHT NOW,
LIKE BACK THEN,
WE'RE FIGHTING
ALONGSIDE OUR FRIENDS
FOR SOMETHING
WE BELIEVE IN...
BUT I'M NOT FIGHTING
TO DEFEAT YOU,
YOU HAVE
TO BELIEVE ME...
I'M TRYING TO SAVE YOU.
I'M TRYING
TO SAVE MY FRIEND
FROM THE DARK SIGNERS!
YOUR "FRIEND"...
YOU CAN'T.
IT'S TOO LATE.
AAAARGH!!
KALIN, NOOO...!
[GASP]
WHAT IN THE...?!
THAT'S WEIRD...
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OUR MARKS HAVE ALL
JOINED UP ON YUSEI.
WE'RE ALL
IN THIS TOGETHER...
RIGHT NOW,
WE'RE ALL AS ONE.
[THINKING] SOMETHING'S
CALLING TO ME...
TIME TO FIND OUT WHAT!
OF COURSE, THAT'S
WHAT I'VE GOTTA DO!...
JUST LIKE THE OTHERS
AND I HAD TO BECOME A TEAM
TO FIGHT THE DARK SIGNERS...
MY MONSTERS HAVE TO UNITE
TO WIN THIS DUEL!
AND TO MAKE SURE THAT HAPPENS
I SUMMON MAJESTIC DRAGON
TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT I TUNE MAJESTIC DRAGON
WITH MY STARDUST DRAGON
AND STARDUST XIAOLONG!
AND NOW IT'S TIME
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON!
Duel runner computer:
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
IS A LEVEL 10 SYNCHRO MONSTER
WITH 3,800 ATTACK POINTS
AND 3,000 DEFENSE POINTS.
KALIN YOUR EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES
ARE POWERLESS AGAINST
MY MIGHTY DRAGON.
IN FACT, MY DRAGON
CAN ABSORB THEM ALL
AND USE THEM AGAINST YOU!
AND NOW MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON
END THIS DUEL!
ATTACK!
HANG ON, PAL!!
COME ON,
STAY WITH ME.
I'M NOT GIVING UP
THIS TIME.
THIS TIME,
I'M GONNA SAVE YOU.
YUSEI... I SPENT YEARS
HATING YOU
AND PLANNING MY REVENGE...
I LET MY ANGER DEVOUR ME
AND I WILLINGLY GAVE MYSELF
TO THE DARKNESS...
BUT IN BEATING ME, YUSEI...
YOU FOUND YOUR FRIEND,
AND ALTHOUGH
THE SHADOWS AWAIT...
I NEED YOU TO PROMISE ME
SOMETHING, YUSEI...
STOP BEATING YOURSELF UP
OVER WHAT HAPPENED...
I'M THE ONE WHO REALLY
MESSED THINGS UP...
BUT NOW FINALLY,
HERE AT THE VERY END,
YOU DID WHAT YOU SET OUT
TO DO, YOU SAVED ME...
[GASP] KALIN...
YOU'RE NOT GONNA GO AND DO
SOMETHING STUPID, LIKE...
LOSE TO
THE DARK SIGNERS... ARE YOU?
DON'T BACK DOWN, YUSEI...
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS...
PUSH THE SHADOWS
BACK WHERE THEY BELONG.
KALIN...
Trudge: YUSEI
DID IT...
[THINKING] THEY CAME TO YOU
WHEN YOU WERE AFRAID AND HURT...
THEY TOOK ADVANTAGE
OF YOUR PAIN,
THEY TWISTED YOU SO THAT THEY
COULD USE YOU AS THEIR PAWN...
THEY WON'T GET AWAY WITH IT...
[ALOUD] I WON'T LET THESE
DARK SIGNERS WIN!
THEY'RE GOING TO PAY FOR THIS!